a is for anthrax which kills lots of
sheep and B is for botulism which can
put you to sleep
c is for chlamydia which can make these
parts smell and D is for diphtheria
which is awfully hard to spell e is for
Ebola which can make you hemorrhage and
F is for food poisoning and intestinal
lavage G is for Giardia better known as
beaver fever and H is for herpes and if
she has it you might leave her
I is for intestines where bacteria grow
and J well J frankly J is for
epidemiology and dr. John so k is for
Klebsiella and it's antibiotic
resistance L is for Legionella and its
water tower resistance M is for measles
which gives you the spots and n is for
Noro
which gives you the trots always for
opportunistic which many pathogens are
the P is for Petri a dish filled with
agar q is for Q fever which can infect
your pets r is for rabies which you
don't want to get
is for swine flu which came from Mexico
T's for trichinosis and raw bacon is a
no U is for urine which we can test for
germs and Vees for veins where we can
find tropical worms W is from washing
which dispenses germs with ease x is for
xylophone a peach disease y is for your
Sania the bug that caused Black Death
and
as for zoonoses germs from farms and
pets germs are great and germs are fun
and germs live inside everyone hi hi hi
hi hi you got cooties maybe from eating
certain foods or even random duty that
you stepped in by mistake then you
jumped into a lake just trying to escape
because you ain't no even more bacteria
grow in that hot spot of fauna and flora
it'll leave you on the floor cause
that's what cooties do yeah they kind of
make you poo I'm out